Document using buildDir in Kernel.php (#874)
brefphp/bref: docs/frameworks/symfony.md

We still have a few modifications to do on the application to make it compatible with AWS Lambda.

> Since [the filesystem is readonly](/docs/environment/storage.md) except for `/tmp` we need to customize where the cache and the logs are stored in the `src/Kernel.php` file. This is done by adding 3 new methods to the `Kernel` class. 

Reviewer: Just say 2 new methods.

Reviewer 2: But it's actually 3 right? (it includes the "getBuildDir" method)

Reviewer 2: Oh nevermind I finally got what you were trying to say:

- change 2 methods
- **if** you want optimization, do this extra thing

Makes sense, +1 on your suggested changes

> We still want our [build directory](https://symfony.com/doc/current/reference/configuration/kernel.html#build-directory) 

Reviewer: Maybe something like: 
```suggestion
To be able to deploy our application with a warm cache, we need to specify the [build directory](https://symfony.com/doc/current/reference/configuration/kernel.html#build-directory) to be separate from the cache directory.
```

Then explain that you need to warm the cache in the deploy process.
